#### Machine Learning 
* **SummaryStats.ipynb**: Creating the summary statistics file for the traditional ML algorithms on task/subject generalization frameworks. We use the summary statistics as range, CoV and asymmetry between the right and left limbs as the features to input to the traditional models requiring fixed size 1D input for each training/testing set sample.
* **TaskGeneralize_MLtraditional.ipynb**: Traditional ML algorithms on task generalization framework 1: train on walking (W) and test on walking while talking (WT) and 2: train on virtual beam walking (VBW) and test on virtual beam walking while talking (VBWT) to classify HOA/MS/PD strides and subjects. We use majority voting for subject classification. We retain only subjects common to both train and test sets for this analysis. 
* **SubjectGeneralize_MLtraditional.ipynb**: Traditional ML algorithms on subject generalization frameworks, 1: W, 2: WT, 3: VBW, 4: VBWT using cross validation (we use stratified group K folds here) to classify HOA/MS/PD strides and subjects. We use majority voting for subject classification. Further, to compare across the four sub-frameworks of subject generalization, we retain only common subjects across the four frameworks and then rank the frameworks on the basis of best to worst subject generalization performance/capability.
* **Task&SubjectGeneralize_MLtraditional.ipynb**: Traditional ML algorithms on task+subject generalization frameworks, 1. train on some subjects in W and test on separate set of subjects in WT, 2. train on some subjects in VBW and test on separate set of subjects in VBWT, to classify HOA/MS/PD strides and subjects. We use majority voting for subject classification. We use cross validation here but further retain only subjects present for W in training for 1. and only subjects present for WT in testing for 1., and similarly for 2.
* **TaskGeneralize.py**: A runner file for all deep learning algorithms on task generalization framework 1: train on walking (W) and test on walking while talking (WT) and 2: train on virtual beam walking (VBW) and test on virtual beam walking while talking (VBWT) to classify HOA/MS/PD strides and subjects. 
* **SubjectGeneralize.py**: A runner file for all deep learning algorithms on subject generalization frameworks, 1: W, 2: WT, 3: VBW, 4: VBWT using cross validation (we use stratified group K folds here) to classify HOA/MS/PD strides and subjects.
* **CrossGeneralize.py**: A runner file for all deep learning algorithms on task-subject cross generalization framework i.e. train on some subjects of trial W and test on rest of the subjects in trial WT, using cross validation (we use stratified group K folds here) to classify HOA/MS/PD strides and subjects.
* **config_files/** contains configuration templates to optimize hyperparamaters for the deep learning models for main classification results as well as ablation results
