#### Discussion analysis
* **Ablation_TaskGen_MLTraditional.ipynb**: Ablation Study on Task generalization framework W -> WT with Traditional ML models only. 
    * We will explore the performance of using feet coordinates only (merged from both front and side camera views), feet + ankle coordinates (merged from both front and side camera views), feet + ankle (merged from both front and side camera views) + knee (from the single front camera view) coordinates and all (feet + ankle (merged from both front and side camera views) + knee + hip (from the single front camera view)) coordinates on the traditional ML models. We will add frame count as an extra feature to all these data streams, i.e. we will explore, 1) feet + frame count; 2) feet + ankle + frame count; 3) feet + ankle + knee + frame count; 4) All (Default models).
    * In our main traditional models, total 91 features (including the frame count and 90 CoV, range and asymmetry of the body coordinate features) were used.
* **Ablation_SubjectGen_MLTraditional.ipynb**: Ablation Study on Subject generalization frameworks 1) W, 2) WT with Traditional ML models only. 
* **Ablation_CrossGen_MLTraditional.ipynb**: Ablation Study on Task-subject Cross generalization framework with Traditional ML models only.
* **Ablation Study for the DL models** is done using changes done to the utility functions task/subject/cross_gen_DLtrainer.py respectively.
* **TaskGen_PermutationImportance.py**:  Permutation Importance based feature importance for the task generalization framework. Basically, for each feature of interest, say, right knee, we randomly shuffle the right knee-based features in our data, i.e. right knee-x/y/z 5 times and each time compute the evaluation metrics by predicting on this new shuffled test set data. The trained model used for predictions is the best tuned model for the task generalization framework. It leverages functions from the gait_data_loader.py and task_gen_DLtrainer.py utility functions.  
* **SubjectGen_PermutationImportance.py**: Permutation Importance based feature importance for the subject generalization frameworks (W and WT). Basically, for each feature of interest, say, right knee, we randomly shuffle the right knee-based features in our data, i.e. right knee-x/y/z 5 times and each time compute the evaluation metrics by predicting on this new shuffled test set data for each of the 5 test folds in the 5-fold CV. The training folds remain as is and the best tuned subject gen model (for W and WT separately) is used for making predictions on the shuffled test folds. It leverages functions from the subject_gen_DLtrainer.py utility function.
* **CrossGen_PermutationImportance.py**: Permutation Importance based feature importance for the cross generalization framework. Basically, for each feature of interest, say, right knee, we randomly shuffle the right knee-based features in our data, i.e. right knee-x/y/z 5 times and each time compute the evaluation metrics by predicting on this new shuffled test set data for each of the 5 test folds in the 5-fold CV. The training folds remain as is and the best tuned cross gen model is used for making predictions on the shuffled test folds. It leverages functions from the cross_gen_DLtrainer.py utility function.
* **PermutationImportanceVizualizations.ipynb**: Vizualizing the permutation feature importance results for best task, subject and cross generalization models 
* **TaskGen_SHAP.ipynb**: SHAP feature importance (https://shap.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for Task generalization framework 
* **SubjectGenW_SHAP.ipynb/SubjectGenWT_SHAP.ipynb**: SHAP feature importance (https://shap.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for Subject generalization W and WT frameworks respectively
* **CrossGen_SHAP.ipynb**: SHAP feature importance for Cross generalization framework
* **SeverityAnalysis.ipynb**: We check the correlation (using visualization) between the classification performance (using binary correctly/incorrectly classified subject and continuous no. of strides correctly classified for each subject) and SPBB score (range 0-12) representing the frailty of the individual.
